
MICS ADT 2020 homework project description

*Data files*

historicalData_x.py : contains a 3 Objectives performance tableau with 2000 historical records.
perfTab_x.py   : contains a performance tableau of the same kind with 100 new records.

*Quewstions*

1) Illustrate the content of the given perfTab_x.py performance tableau 
by best showing objectives, criteria, decision actions and performance table. 
If needed, write adequate python code.

2) Construct the corresponding bipolar-valued outranking digraph
and enumerate its chordless circuits. How are such circuits,
the case given, influencing the algorithmic decision aid tools?

3) What are apparently the 5 best-ranked decision alternatives in your 
decision problem from the different decision objectives point of views 
and from a global fair compromise view?
Justify your ranking approach from a methodological point of view.

4) How would you rate your 100 public policies into relative deciles classes ?

5) Using the given historical records in historicalData_x.py, how would you
rate your 100 public policies into absolute deciles classes ?
Explain the differencea you may observe between the absolute and 
the previous relative rating result.  

6) Select among your 100 potential policies a shortlist of up to 
15 potential best policies,  all reaching an absolute performance 
quantile of at least 66.67%.

7) Based on the previous best policies shortlist (see Question 6), what are your
best-choice recommendations from the different objectives point of views and 
from a global multi-objectives compromise point of view ? 

8) Explain with methodological arguments the differences, the case given,
between your best choice recommendations (see question 7)
and your 5-best-ranked results obtained in the beginning (see question 3).

*Work to do*

1) Present your results, supported both by computational Python code using the
Digraph3 resources as well as by methodological and algorithmic arguments from the
Algorithmic Decision Theory course, in a text file (PDF or Open Document format).
You should update regularly your git clone: (...$ git pull)  or
svn working directory: (...$ svn update).

2) Upload a zip archive with your problem data, any relevant source code and
all result files (report and graphics), including the slides for the
oral presentation (see item 3 below). Submissions are due for
Wednesday, 1st of July 2020 at 23:55 (see assignment on the moodle page).

3) For Thursady July 2nd and July 3rd, a concise oral presentation in
individual webex session of about 10 minutes (a few slides only) is asked for
in order to defend your homework results and methodological approach.
The precise schedule of these webex sessions will be communicated in due time.
